capital = 44

OOB = "ALB_1888"

set_convoys = 5

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = ALB_king_zog
recruit_character = ALB_enver_hoxha
recruit_character = ALB_xhemal_aranitasi
recruit_character = ALB_eqrem_belishi
recruit_character = ALB_gjon_burbank
recruit_character = ALB_halil_nergutti
recruit_character = ALB_ismael_ghaxa
recruit_character = ALB_hajre_fetahu
recruit_character = ALB_xhelal_mitrovica
recruit_character = ALB_selim_moishiou
recruit_character = ALB_kol_bibe_mirakaj
recruit_character = ALB_qemal_komani
recruit_character = ALB_prenk_pervizi
recruit_character = ALB_alexander_mori
recruit_character = ALB_aziz_sulejmani
recruit_character = ALB_kristo_cajupi
recruit_character = ALB_eqrem_libohova
recruit_character = ALB_zuhdi_shabani
recruit_character = ALB_rexhep_mitrovica
recruit_character = ALB_hasan_begolli
recruit_character = ALB_fiqri_dine
recruit_character = ALB_midhat_frasheri
recruit_character = ALB_jocelyn_percy

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchist
	last_election = "1888.1.1"
	election_frequency = 0
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	national_populist = 0
	monarchist = 80
	conservative = 20
	centrist = 0
	liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	marxist = 0
}
