capital = 278

oob = "ARG_1888"
set_naval_oob = "ARG_1888_naval_mtg"
set_naval_oob = "ARG_1888_naval_legacy"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = ARG_agustín_pedro_justo
recruit_character = ARG_nimo_de_anquín
recruit_character = ARG_marcelo_t_de_alvear
recruit_character = ARG_fanny_edelman
recruit_character = ARG_arturo_rawson
recruit_character = ARG_juan_pistarini
recruit_character = ARG_alberto_teisaire
recruit_character = ARG_uribaldi_diaz_brittenberg
recruit_character = ARG_agustin_pedro_justo
recruit_character = ARG_edelmiro_farrell
recruit_character = ARG_francisco_m_velez
recruit_character = ARG_jose_tamborni
recruit_character = ARG_manuel_a_rodriguez
recruit_character = ARG_hortensio_quijano
recruit_character = ARG_pedro_s_casal
recruit_character = ARG_antonio_parodi
recruit_character = ARG_pedro_pablo_ramirez
recruit_character = ARG_heriberto_la_galine
recruit_character = ARG_thomas_martinez
recruit_character = ARG_eleazar_videla
recruit_character = ARG_manuel_maria_de_iriondo
recruit_character = ARG_ramon_castillo
recruit_character = ARG_luis_podesta_costa
recruit_character = ARG_senor_hitler

set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

set_convoys = 120

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = centrist
	last_election = "1888.1.1"
	election_frequency = 0
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	nationalist = 0
	monarchist = 15
	conservative = 25
	centrist = 50
	liberal = 0
	socialist = 5
	marxist = 5
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 1888 Start #
