capital = 542

oob = "BOT_1888"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = BOT_aa2
recruit_character = BOT_awt
recruit_character = BOT_coi
recruit_character = BOT_stc
recruit_character = BOT_acgs
recruit_character = BOT_nccr
recruit_character = BOT_ncs
recruit_character = BOT_nt
recruit_character = BOT_communist_guy
recruit_character = BOT_acr
recruit_character = BOT_pot
recruit_character = BOT_aco2
recruit_character = BOT_mt
recruit_character = BOT_ar
recruit_character = BOT_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BOT_acd2
recruit_character = BOT_ncm
recruit_character = BOT_ai2
recruit_character = BOT_acas
recruit_character = BOT_democratic_guy

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchist
	last_election = "1888.1.1"
	election_frequency = 0
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	nationalist = 0
	monarchist = 100
	conservative = 0
	centrist = 0
	liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	marxist = 0
}

create_country_leader = {
	
	name = "Tshekedi Khama"
	picture = GFX_portrait_Tshekedi_Khama
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
