capital = 500

oob = "BRA_1888"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	basic_train = 1	
}
set_technology = {
	gwtank_chassis = 1
}
set_technology = {
	gwtank = 1
}
set_technology = {
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	early_battleship = 1
	transport = 1
}
set_naval_oob = "BRA_1888_naval_legacy"

set_technology = {
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	submarine_mine_laying = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_secondary_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
}
set_naval_oob = "BRA_1888_naval"

set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

recruit_character = BRA_getulio_vargas
recruit_character = BRA_plinio_salgado
recruit_character = BRA_luis_carlos_prestes
recruit_character = BRA_armando_sales
recruit_character = BRA_eurico_gaspar_dutra
recruit_character = BRA_mascarenhas_de_morais
recruit_character = BRA_augusto_rademaker
recruit_character = BRA_agliberto_vieira
recruit_character = BRA_eduardo_gomes
recruit_character = BRA_salgado_filho
recruit_character = BRA_floriano_peixoto
recruit_character = BRA_aristides_guilhem
recruit_character = BRA_joao_neves_da_fontoura
recruit_character = BRA_epaminondas_dos_santos
recruit_character = BRA_moreira_lima
recruit_character = BRA_nero_fiuza_de_castro
recruit_character = BRA_artur_da_costa_e_silva
recruit_character = BRA_ismael_motta_paes
recruit_character = BRA_jorge_martins
recruit_character = BRA_newton_cavalcanti
recruit_character = BRA_afranio_de_mello_franco
recruit_character = BRA_washington_luis_pereira
recruit_character = BRA_osvaldo_aranha
recruit_character = BRA_arlindo_veiga_dos_santos

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = marxist
	last_election = "1888.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	nationalist = 10
	authoritarian = 10
	conservative = 20
	centrist = 2
	liberal = 12
	socialist = 23
	marxist = 23
}

set_convoys = 40
