capital = 279

oob = "CHL_1888"
set_naval_oob = "CHL_1888_naval_mtg"
set_naval_oob = "CHL_1888_naval_legacy"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

recruit_character = CHL_arturo_alessandri
recruit_character = CHL_jorge_gonzález_von_marées
recruit_character = CHL_carlos_contreras_labarca
recruit_character = CHL_escudero_oscar_otárola
recruit_character = CHL_domingo_blanco
recruit_character = CHL_julio_allard_pinto
recruit_character = CHL_gustavo_silva
recruit_character = CHL_jose_luis_sanchez_besa
recruit_character = CHL_marmaduke_grove
recruit_character = CHL_e_novoa_fuentes
recruit_character = CHL_dario_mujica_gamboa
recruit_character = CHL_c_j_de_la_motte
recruit_character = CHL_carlos_fuentes_rabe
recruit_character = CHL_arturo_espinoza_mujica
recruit_character = CHL_carlos_puga_monsalve
recruit_character = CHL_francisco_o_ryan_orrego
recruit_character = CHL_ernesto_m_orlando
recruit_character = CHL_dario_cellejas_rojas
recruit_character = CHL_ariosto_herrera
recruit_character = CHL_luis_alamos_barros
recruit_character = CHL_miguel_cruchaga_tacomal
recruit_character = CHL_gustavo_ross_santa_maria

set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

set_convoys = 20

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservative
	last_election = "1888.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	nationalist = 0
	monarchist = 10
	conservative = 50
	centrist = 0
	liberal = 30
	socialist = 5
	marxist = 5
}
