capital = 107

set_oob = "YUG_1888"
set_oob = "YUG_1888_nsb"

set_naval_oob = "YUG_1888_naval_mtg"
set_naval_oob = "YUG_1888_naval_legacy"

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = YUG_prince_paul
recruit_character = YUG_milan_stojadinovic
recruit_character = YUG_milan_grol
recruit_character = YUG_josip_broz_tito
recruit_character = YUG_vladimir_Cukavac
recruit_character = YUG_ivan_gosnjak
recruit_character = YUG_danilo_kalafatovic
recruit_character = YUG_milutin_nedic
recruit_character = YUG_petar_kosic
recruit_character = YUG_josef_depre
recruit_character = YUG_marijan_polic
recruit_character = YUG_borivoje_mirkovic
recruit_character = YUG_dusan_simovic
recruit_character = YUG_draza_mihailovic
recruit_character = YUG_mihajlo_lukic
recruit_character = YUG_bogoljub_ilic
recruit_character = YUG_petar_vukcevic
recruit_character = YUG_ljubomir_maric
recruit_character = YUG_arso_jovanovic
recruit_character = YUG_slobodan_jovanovic
recruit_character = YUG_milovan_djilas
recruit_character = YUG_milan_nedic
recruit_character = YUG_ivan_ribar
recruit_character = YUG_dimitrije_ljotic
recruit_character = YUG_ivo_lola_ribar
recruit_character = YUG_peter_ii

set_technology = {
	tech_support = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchist
	last_election = "1888.1.1"
	election_frequency = 0
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	national_populist = 9
	monarchist = 60
	conservative = 20
	centrist = 0
	liberal = `4
	socialist = 4
	marxist = 3
}

set_stability = 0.6

### VARIANTS ###
# 1888 Start #
