capital = 325
oob = "YUN_1888"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	PRC_government_corruption
	CHI_ineffective_bureaucracy_warlord
}

recruit_character = YUN_long_yun
recruit_character = YUN_lu_han
recruit_character = YUN_mao_dong
recruit_character = YUN_cheng_peng
recruit_character = YUN_hsia_wu
recruit_character = YUN_liao_fang
recruit_character = YUN_luo_sun
recruit_character = YUN_huang_dong
recruit_character = YUN_zhang_wu
recruit_character = YUN_zhu_hu
recruit_character = YUN_li_jiang
recruit_character = YUN_chen_zhao
recruit_character = YUN_hu_wei
recruit_character = YUN_liu_zhao
recruit_character = YUN_liang_peng
recruit_character = YUN_pan_tian
recruit_character = YUN_wang_jiang
recruit_character = YUN_zhou_zhirou
recruit_character = YUN_liu_wenhui
recruit_character = YUN_ding_zhipan

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchist
	last_election = "1888.1.1"
	election_frequency = 0
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	nationalist = 20
	monarchist = 80
	conservative = 0
	centrist = 0
	liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	marxist = 0
}
